Update /unified-preview/ using selected design elements from /format-preview/ and the attached screenshots. This is a focused UI update to the unified preview.

Use the existing components, assets, and data sources. Inspect only the code needed for these changes.

Top-left branding

Use the new crest shown in screenshot 1 and used in /format-preview/.

Display The Calcutta.

Replace “Football Club · Est. 2015” with NFL Szn · Est. 2022.

Match the reference’s typography, spacing, and crest treatment.

Left sidebar pool summary

Use the available whitespace immediately above What’s New / FAQ for a compact summary showing:

Pool size

$ per point

Both values must come from the currently selected Calcutta and update when that selection changes.

Format pool size as currency with thousands separators and $ per point as currency with two decimal places.

The screenshot’s $97,625 and $8.55 are visual examples, not hardcoded values. Reuse the existing calculations.

Results page heading

Replace the current “NFL Szn” heading/subheading treatment with a single Results heading.

Match the heading style used by the other tabs.

Auction results layout

Apply the auction ledger/table style from /format-preview/, shown in screenshot 2.

Replace the AFC/NFC split with one combined table containing all auction entries.

Use the reference columns: Lot, Club, Buyer, Hammer, with understated dividers, generous row spacing, muted column labels, and right-aligned prices.

Use existing auction data and preserve the underlying auction order and any existing interactions.

Use actual lot numbers where available; do not invent them.

Keep the table usable on smaller screens.

The pool summary belongs in the sidebar as requested above; no additional summary cards or oversized ledger title are needed.

Results freshness display

Remove the “Stale” warning banners from Results.

Add a subtle timestamp at the top right, styled like screenshot 3:
Last Updated: MMM DD, HH ET

Example: Last Updated: Sep 11, 14:45 ET.

Use the actual last successful update time for the displayed data, converted to America/New_York so daylight saving time is handled correctly.

Do not use the current time or page-load time as a substitute. If no timestamp is available, display Last Updated: —.

Preserve existing refresh behavior and genuine loading/error handling.

Tracker

Remove the “Stale” warning banner from the Tracker tab.

Preserve its data, refresh behavior, and genuine loading/error handling.

Verify before stopping

Switching the selected Calcutta updates both sidebar values correctly.

Results has one heading and one combined auction table, with no missing or duplicated entries.

Neither Results nor Tracker shows a “Stale” warning.

The Results timestamp uses the actual data update time and the specified Eastern Time format.

Check desktop and narrow-screen layouts and run the relevant existing checks.

Stop once these preview changes are implemented and verified. Do not publish or deploy. Report a concise summary of changes, verification results, and any unresolved issues.